# AST (DiSco:ALICE)

This version of the attention swiping task (AST) was forked from [mako017-archive/AST_Development_Paper](https://github.com/mako017-archive/AST_Development_Paper) and adapted for administration in a school study examining math learning from home. The AST was used to get an estimate of sustained attention which could be used as predictor or moderator of success with remote schooling.

Compared to the original version of the AST, the instructions were rewritten to be more appealing and easier to understand for school students. Instructions were administered in a self-paced fashion, allowing all students to read them as many times as needed to understand the task

## Technical Details

The AST was developed as web app and has no special requirements apart from a modern web browser. Results are saved in a MySQL table.

In this test version, there are three person identifiers:

1. Participant.VPCode is randomly generated whenever the page is loaded and is used to communicate with the backend.
2. Participant.persCode is entered on the first page or via the URL Parameter ?persCode=%enterPersCodeHere%. This value should be generated by the test supervisor.
3. Participant.nickName is entered on the first page or via the URL Parameter ?nickName=%enterNickNameHere%. This value can be generated by the testee.

Please take note that special characters need to be encoded by encodeURIComponent() prior to entering them into the adress bar. E.g., ?persCode=MrSmith is fine but ?persCode Mr#Smith will result in only the first two characters being recognized. If 2. and 3. are provided via the URL, the first page asking for the codes will be skipped.

### Dependencies

- [JQuery](https://github.com/jquery/jquery)
- [Meekro](https://github.com/SergeyTsalkov/meekrodb)
- [SweetAlert](https://github.com/t4t5/sweetalert)

### Installation

1. All files apart from `.gitignore`, `README.md`, and `php/config.template.php` must be copied to the webserver
2. `setup.sql` must be executed to create the database for data colletion
3. Copy `php/config.template.php` to `php/config.php`
4. In `php/config.php` the credentials (host, user, and password) must be changed
